{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs36\cf13\kerning28 
\sbasedon1\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs28\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 3;}{\s4\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs32\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 4;}{\s5\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar 
\b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 5;}{\s6\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 6;}{\s7\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 7;}{
\s8\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 8;}{\s9\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \sbasedon1\snext0 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{
\s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext15 Related Topics;}{\s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext16 Step;}{\s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 
\sbasedon16\snext17 Step Indent;}{\s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext18 Bullet;}{\s19\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext18 
Tip/Note;}{\*\cs20 \additive\super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s21\fi-2448\li2563\ri130\sb120\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx2563 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext0 Table Head;}{\s22\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon18\snext22 
Bullet Indent;}{\s23\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 \sbasedon18\snext23 Single Step;}{\s24\li115\ri130\sb240\sa140\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \sbasedon0\snext0 Overview Title;}{
\s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Procedure Title;}{\s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext16 Procedure Subtitle;}{\s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 \sbasedon0\snext0 
Overview Subtitle;}{\s28\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext28 Topic List;}{\s29\fi-187\li489\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx490{\*\pn \pnlvl11\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 \sbasedon23\snext29 Step Bullet;}{
\s30\fi-3629\li3744\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx3744 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon32\snext30 Table Contents Wide;}{\s31\fi-3629\li3744\ri130\sb120\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \tx3744 \b\f7\fs16 \sbasedon21\snext30 Table Head Wide;}{
\s32\fi-2448\li2563\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx2563 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext32 Table Contents;}{\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext33 footnote text;}{\s34\fi4205\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx4320 \f7\fs16 \sbasedon0\snext34 Table Wide;}
}{\info{\title Features}{\author Nick}{\operator corel}{\creatim\yr1996\mo7\dy31\hr10\min34}{\revtim\yr1997\mo4\dy4\hr15\min54}{\printim\yr1996\mo3\dy12\hr11\min10}{\version9}{\edmins20}{\nofpages17}{\nofwords2572}{\nofchars14666}{\*\company Corel}
{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\linkstyles\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0{\*\template C:\\MSOffice\\Templates\\DrawBox.dot}\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs48\cf13\kerning28 \page {\v Working with OLE}
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 {\v April 4, 1997\emdash Importing/Exporting topics separated from P_cdrole }
\par \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sb240\sa140\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Exchanging information between applications using OLE page 1 of 2}} {\cs20\super +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} Working_with_OLE: 001}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $}
 Overview: Exchanging information between applications using OLE}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} importing, exporting, and OLE}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} Exchanging information between applications using OLE page 1 of 2}} Exchanging information between applications using OLE (page 1 of 2)
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Importing/exporting and OLE (Object Linking and Embedding) are both ways of exchanging information between ap
plications. The difference between them is the method by which the information is exchanged. When you import or export a file, it must be converted to a format that can be understood by the application in which it is to be placed. This means that you must
 have a special filter installed on your system for each different file format. When you use OLE, you don't need to worry about filters or file formats. As long as all the applications involved support OLE, information can be freely exchanged. This sectio
n discusses exchanging information via OLE.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 What is OLE?
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Object Linking and Embedding (OLE) is a method of exchanging information between applications. OLE allows you to create objects (e.g., pictures, charts, and text) in one application 
and then display these objects in various other applications. For example, using OLE technology, you can create a chart in your favorite spreadsheet program, and display it in CorelDRAW. Objects that are placed into an application using OLE are called OLE
 objects.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar 
For OLE to work, the application used to create the OLE object and the application in which you want to place this OLE object must both support OLE functionality. CorelDRAW supports all OLE features, but certain applications support only some of t
he features of OLE. If you are uncertain about whether another application is completely OLE compatible, check its documentation.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Server and client applications
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
Whenever you use OLE, two applications are involved: a server application and a client application. A server application is used to create and edit an OLE object (e.g., picture, chart, text). A client application is the application in which you place an O
LE object once you have created it. For example, if you create a chart in a spreadsheet program 
and use OLE to place it into CorelDRAW, then the spreadsheet program is the server application and CorelDRAW is the client. Many applications can act as either server or client applications, but some can't. For example, CorelDRAW can be a server or a clie
nt, but Corel PHOTO-PAINT can only be a server. If you are uncertain about whether an application is capable of performing as a server or a client, check its documentation.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Linking and embedding
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 OLE objects can be either linked or embedded in client applica
tions. A linked OLE object is connected to a separate file. The appearance of the OLE object in the client application is controlled by the information stored in this external file. When the external file is changed in the server application, the OLE obje
ct updates to reflect these changes.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar An embedded OLE object is completely contained in the client application file; therefore, there isn't a link to an external file.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 The clipboard
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 The clipboard is a temporary storage area used to hold information. You can 
cut or copy an item onto the clipboard from a server application and then paste it into a client application. This item becomes an OLE object. If you simply copy and paste information, the item becomes an embedded OLE object. You must use the Paste Specia
l command to create a linked OLE object using the clipboard.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar When you use the clipboard, the item that you paste will not always become an OLE object. For example, plain text from an ASCII text editor will become CorelDRAW text when you paste it. If you wan
t complete control of the items that you paste, use the Paste Special command.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Drag and drop
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
Dragging and dropping is the easiest way to create OLE objects. You can choose an item with the mouse in a server application, drag it to a client application, and it automatically becomes an OLE object. If you simply drag and drop a selection, it becomes
 an embedded OLE object. If you hold down the CTRL and SHIFT keys while you drag and drop a selection, it becomes a linked OLE object.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar If you drag and drop files fr
om the Windows 95 desktop into CorelDRAW, CorelDRAW will try to import the files before it tries to create an OLE object. If you want more control, use the right mouse button to drag and drop which causes a menu to open when you drop the items. This menu 
lets you specify how the items are to be placed in the document.
\par \pard\plain \s28\li115\ri130\sb240\widctlpar \f7\fs16 \{Button ,Next()\} {\uldb Click here to see the next page.}{\v %!Next()}
\par \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sb240\sa140\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Exchanging information between applications using OLE page 2 of 2}} {\cs20\super +
{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} Working_with_OLE: 002}} Exchanging information between applications using OLE (page 2 of 2)
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Limitations of using OLE objects in CorelDRAW
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 In most cases you can only edit OLE objects using the {\ul server application.}{\v glos_server_application}
 If you attempt to change an OLE object using CorelDRAW itself, you should be aware of the following limitations:
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar OLE objects cannot
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 be rotated
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 If the OLE object is placed in a group or a PowerClip, then it will rotate, but this may produce unexpected results and is not recommended.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 be skewed
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}be cloned
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}have any of the effects in the Effects menu applied to them, except for PowerClips
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}be combined, welded, intersected or trimmed with other objects
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 There are a limited number of ways that you can change an OLE object without actually editing it using the server application.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar OLE objects can
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 be sized and moved
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}be copied
\par \pard\plain \s22\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 Copies of linked objects are linked to the same file as the original object.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 be placed into PowerClip containers
\par \pard\plain \s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs28\cf13\kerning28 \page Linking (OLE)
\par \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sb240\sa140\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Linking OLE}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 
{\cs20\super +} Working_with_OLE: 003}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Overview: Linking (OLE)}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K}
 linking (OLE); Object Linking and Embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} OVR Linking OLE; Linking OLE}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr howbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 
!ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Linking (OLE)
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Linking is one of two ways of placing OLE objects in {\ul client applications;}{\v glos_client_application} the other way is {\ul embedding}{\v glos_embedded_object}
. When you link an OLE object to a client application file, you create a connection between the OLE object (the item that appears in the client application) and a source file (the file you created in the {\ul server application).}{\v 
glos_server_application}
 When the source file is altered, the object in the client application updates to reflect this change. The object updates automatically unless you specifically choose to manually update the OLE link. If you want to change the content or appearance of a li
nked OLE object, you must make the changes in the source file. Consequently, when you give a file containing linked OLE objects to someone else, it is important to include the source files.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar Linking is most useful when you want to use the same OLE object several times in the same file, or in many different files. To change every instance of the OLE object, you only have to change the source file.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Editing linked objects
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 When you want to edit a linked OLE object, you must edit the source file in the server application. You can launch the server application and op
en the source file directly from the client application, or you can launch the server application from the desktop and then open the source file. The source file must be saved for any changes to appear in the client application.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Linking portions of files
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
A linked OLE object can be a portion of a file. For example, if you link a red circle from a CorelDRAW file containing a circle, a square, and a triangle, only the red circle is the linked OLE object. But, when you update this link, be aware that changes 
to the source file may not produce the results you expect in the client application.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar 
When CorelDRAW acts as a server application, it can only track OLE objects based on the page they are on in the source file (i.e, the .CDR file). So, if the red circle from the previous example is on page two of a CoreDRAW document, CorelDRAW knows to upd
ate the OLE object when page two changes. If there is also a square and a triangle on page two and the OLE object is updated, CorelDRAW won't be able to tell what portion of 
the page you originally used as the OLE object. As a result, CorelDRAW displays the entire page in the client application. Instead of a red circle, your OLE object becomes a circle, a square, and a rectangle.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar 
For the most part, using a portion of a file as a linked OLE object should not present any problems. However, different applications use different methods for determining which changes should be reflected in an update. For more information about an applic
ation's OLE functionality, consult its documentation.
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Linking OLE objects}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Linking_OLE: 001}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Linking OLE objects}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} linking (OLE); Object Linking and Embedding (OLE); drag and drop; clipboard}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A}
 PRC Linking OLE; Linking OLE objects}} {\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Linking OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Linking OLE objects

\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Linking is a way of placing OLE objects in {\ul client applications.}{\v glos_client_application}
 Linking is most useful when you want to use the same OLE object several times in the same file, or in many different files. To change every instance of the OLE object, you only have to change the source file.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To link an OLE object file to a CorelDRAW file
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Click Edit, Insert New Object.
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Click the Create From File button.
\par 3.\tab Click the Browse button and choose the file you want to link.
\par 4.\tab Enable the Link check box.
\par 5.\tab If you want the OLE object to appear as an icon instead of as it appears in the source file, enable Display As Icon.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 You might use an icon if you want to let people open the source file from the client application without actually displaying the source file.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To link an object using the clipboard
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab In the {\ul server application,}{\v glos_server_application} select the items you want to link.
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Click Edit, Copy.
\par 3.\tab In the client application, open the file that is to contain the linked items.
\par 4.\tab Click Edit, Paste Special.
\par 5.\tab Enable the Paste Link button.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To link an object using drag and drop
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab In the client application, open the file that is to contain the linked items.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 Make sure the server application and client application windows are visible at the same time.
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 2.\tab In the server application, select the items you want to link.
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 3.\tab Hold down CTRL + SHIFT, then click and drag the selected items into the open file's window in the client application.
\par \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \{bmct TIcon.bmp\} Tip
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 
If you drag using the right mouse button, a menu offering several options appears before the object is placed.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Editing linked OLE objects}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Linking_OLE: 002}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Editing linked OLE objects}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} linking (OLE); linking (OLE), editing linked objects; Object Linking and Embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A}
 PRC Linking OLE; Editing linked OLE objects}} {\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Linking OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}
Editing linked OLE objects
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 When you want to edit a linked OLE object, you must edit the source file in the server application.
\par \pard \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar 
Sometimes it is possible to edit an OLE object as if it were a different type of OLE object or convert an OLE object to a different type of object. These features allow you to choose the application you use to edit an OLE object; however, these features a
re rarely available.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To edit a linked object
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Select the OLE object with the {\ul Pick tool.}{\v popgraphic_pick_tool}
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Click Edit, Object, Edit.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 The Server application is automatically activated and the linked file is opened.
\par \pard \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 Note that the exact text of the Object menu item changes depending on the object type. For example, if the selected OLE object is a document from a word processor, the Object menu item reads Document Object.

\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 3.\tab Edit the object as required.
\par \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \{bmct TIcon.bmp\} Tip
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 Double-clicking an OLE object also launches the server application.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To edit an OLE object as a different type of OLE object
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Select the OLE object with the Pick tool.
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Click Edit, Object, Convert.
\par 3.\tab Click Activate As.
\par 4.\tab Choose an object type from the Object Type list box.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 When you perform this task, you're not changing the actual object type, only the way the object is edited.
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 5.\tab Edit the object as required.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To convert an OLE object to a different type of OLE object
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Follow steps 1 and 2 from the above procedure.
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Ensure that Activate As is disabled.
\par 3.\tab Choose an object type from the Object Type list box.
\par 4.\tab Edit the object as required.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Breaking an OLE link}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Linking_OLE: 003}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Breaking an OLE link}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} Object Linking and Embedding (OLE); linking (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} PRC Linking OLE; Breaking an OLE link}} {
\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Linking OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Breaking an OLE link
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 If you never want a linked OLE object to be updated again, you can break the OLE link. Once an OLE link is broken, it cannot be restored and you will not be able to edit the OLE object.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To break an OLE link
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Select the OLE object with the {\ul Pick tool.}{\v popgraphic_pick_tool}
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Click Edit, Links.
\par 3.\tab Click Break Link.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Changing the source for a linked file}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Linking_OLE: 004}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Changing the source for a linked file}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} linking (OLE); Object Linking and Embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} PRC Linking OLE; Changing the source fo
r a linked file}} {\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Linking OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Changing the source for a linked file
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
One way to change the content of a linked OLE object is to change its source file. If the new source file is the same file type as the original source file, then changing the source might be a simple way to change the content of the OLE object without cha
nging its position. For example, you could substitute one image for another. However, if the selected OLE object is only a portion of a file, or if the new source file is a different type of file, changing the source file may have unpredictable results.

\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To change the source for a linked file
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Select the OLE object with the {\ul Pick tool.}{\v popgraphic_pick_tool}
\par \pard \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 2.\tab Click Edit, Links.
\par 3.\tab Click Change Source.
\par 4.\tab Select the file you want to use as the new source file.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Manually updating OLE links}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Linking_OLE: 005}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Manually updating OLE links}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} linking (OLE); Object Linking and Embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} PRC Linking OLE; Manually updating OLE links}} {
\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Linking OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Manually updating OLE links
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 
If you do not want a linked OLE object to update when the source file is updated, you can set it to update manually. Once an object is set for manual updating, it will not update automatically unless you set it to do so.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To update linked files manually
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Click Edit, Links.
\par 2.\tab Select the OLE objects from the list box that you want to manually update.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 If you only want to update one object, select it before clicking Edit, Links and it will automatically be highlighted.
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 3.\tab If the selected objects are set to update automatically, enable the Manual button.
\par 4.\tab Click Update Now.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To update linked files automatically
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s23\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 Follow steps 1and 2 from the previous procedure and click Automatic.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Linking OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s3\li115\ri130\sb240\sa60\widctlpar \b\f7\fs28\cf13\kerning28 \page Embedding (OLE)
\par \pard\plain \s24\li115\ri130\sb240\sa140\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Embedding OLE}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar 
\f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} Working_with_OLE: 004}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Overview: Embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {
\cs20\super K} embedding (OLE); Object Linking and Embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} OVR Embedding OLE; Embedding OLE}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr howbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 
!ALink(PRC Embedding OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Embedding (OLE)
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Embedding is one of two ways of placing OLE objects in {\ul client applications;}{\v glos_client_application} the other way is {\ul linking.}{\v glos_linked_object}
 When you embed an OLE object in a client application file, that file contains all the information required to edit and display the OLE object. No source file is required.
\par \pard\plain \s27\li115\ri130\sb180\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs18 Editing embedded objects
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 When you edit an embedded OLE object, you use "in-place" editing. In-place editing means that you edit an embedded OLE object without sw
itching to the server application. Instead, all of the controls of the server application appear in the client application. You must have the server application on your system to use in-place editing.
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Embedding OLE objects}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Embedding_OLE: 001}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Embedding OLE objects}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} Object Linking and Embedding (OLE); embedding (OLE)}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A} PRC Embedding OLE; Embedding OLE objects}} {
\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Embedding OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}Embedding OLE objects
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 Embedding is a way of placing OLE objects in {\ul client applications.}{\v glos_client_application} 
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To embed a file in CorelDRAW
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Click Edit, Insert New Object.
\par 2.\tab Enable the Create from File button.
\par 3.\tab Click the Browse button and select the file you want to embed.
\par 4.\tab Ensure that the Link check box is disabled.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To embed an object using the Clipboard
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab In the {\ul server application,}{\v glos_server_application} select the item you want to embed.
\par 2.\tab Click Edit, Copy.
\par 3.\tab In the client application, open the file in which you want to embed the item.
\par 4.\tab Click Edit, Paste.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To embed an object using drag and drop
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab In the client application, open the file that is to contain the embedded items.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 Make sure the server application and client application windows are visible at the same time.
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 2.\tab In the server application, select the items you want to embed.
\par 3.\tab Click and drag the selected items into the client application file.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Embedding OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Embedding OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page {\cs20\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super #} Editing embedded OLE objects}} {\cs20\super +{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super +} PRC_Embedding_OLE: 002}} {\cs20\super ${\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super $} Editing embedded OLE objects}} {\cs20\super K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super K} embedding (OLE); Object Linking and Embedding (OLE); embedding (OLE), editing embedded objects}} {\cs20\super A{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super A}
 PRC Embedding OLE; Editing embedded OLE objects}} {\cs20\super >{\footnote \pard\plain \s33\li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs20\super >} proc4}} {\fs12\uldb \{bmr overbutt.bmp\}}{\v\fs12 !ALink(OVR Embedding OLE;,1,"default_procedure",)}
Editing embedded OLE objects
\par \pard\plain \li115\ri130\sb80\widctlpar \f7\fs16 To edit an embedded OLE object, you must use in-place editing (the controls of the {\ul server application}{\v glos_server_application} become available in the {\ul client application).}{\v 
glos_client_application}
\par Sometimes it is possible to edit an OLE object as if it were a different type of OLE object or convert an OLE object to a different type of object. These features allow you to choose the application you use to edit an OLE object; however, these features a
re rarely available.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To edit an embedded object
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Select the OLE object with the {\ul Pick tool.}{\v popgraphic_pick_tool}
\par 2.\tab Click Edit, Object, Edit.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 
Note that the exact text of the Object menu item changes depending on the object type. For example, if the selected OLE object is a document from a word processor, the Object menu item reads Document Object.
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 3.\tab Edit the objects as required.
\par \pard\plain \s19\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 \{bmct TIcon.bmp\} Tip
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs16 \'b7\tab}\pard\plain \s18\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnstart1\pnindent187\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}\f7\fs16 Double-clicking an OLE object also displays the server applications editing controls.

\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To edit an OLE object as a different type of OLE object
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Select the OLE object with the Pick tool.
\par 2.\tab Click Edit, Object, Convert.
\par 3.\tab Click Activate as.
\par 4.\tab Choose an object type from the Object Type list box.
\par \pard\plain \s17\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 When you perform this task, you're not changing the object type, only the way the object is edited.
\par \pard\plain \s26\li115\ri130\sb200\sa20\widctlpar \b\f7\fs16 To convert an OLE object to a different type of OLE object
\par \pard\plain \s16\fi-187\li302\ri130\sb80\widctlpar\tx302 \f7\fs16 1.\tab Follow steps 1 and 2 from the above procedure.
\par 2.\tab Ensure that Activate As is disabled.
\par 3.\tab Choose an object type from the Object Type list box.
\par \pard\plain \s15\li115\ri130\sb400\sa40\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw15\brsp20 \b\f7\fs16 \{Button ,ALink(PRC Embedding OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)\} {\uldb Related Topics}{\v %!ALink(PRC Embedding OLE;,0,"Defaultoverview",)}
\par \pard\plain \s25\li115\ri130\sb220\sa120\keepn\widctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \page 
\par }